it's almost my favorite time of year aka
mango season mangos being ripe season
and this I'm gonna do a little quick
video here because this is a carry
cultivar of mango carry and I usually
advocate this one first over anything
else in the area that I live in because
they are firstly a very very delicious
sweet mango but also what I like about
them maybe this sounds a little cynical
but they're very stealthy mangoes and I
don't know if this video is picking up
there's just a little bit of blush on
the shoulders there and these things are
about two weeks away from being the
beginning of their right season about
June 15th through the first week of July
first six to ten days of July you're
going to see these things come on board
be ready to go and from their appearance
right now though they're pretty green
and so you know if you plant this near
the roadside all the fools that are
going to try to take in mangoes we'll
just look at them and soon they're not
ripe yet so that's that's what I enjoy
about them and why I recommend them is
that they don't betray ripeness
therefore they do not attract themselves
to miscreants that want to go ahead and
take their mango stock from the
especially only got a few in one year
one way I don't know if this is common
knowledge that I'll do this anyway one
way to test the mango to see if it's
right take it and you send it up a
little bit and if it gives when you get
to about three o'clock if it if it had
snapped at this point then it's ripe and
I don't want to do that too fast because
I don't want to stress out that peduncle
but anyway that's so our little way of
knowing whether they're ripe too thick
and then you probably want to let them
sit for another day or two and then
they'll be perfect at heat you get
bagging for a day or two
on the counter for theirs do anyway just
a quick primer on the cari mango
probably my number one or two selection
of mangoes for this area they're not the
only ones that have that sort of
stealthiness there's lemon zest and if
you all that wants to stay kind of green
right up until ripeness the flavor on
these is outstanding super sweet if
you're not into sweet mangoes and stay
away but if you like a sweet dessert
mango these are awesome very very little
fiber no fiber at all as far as I'm
concerned so anyway that's enough about
Kerri just wanted that allowed some
phrases on it for that stealthy quality
fiber list and secretly